I like it here
it makes me a peaceful would you you're
not from around here are you
don't we're time what was your job I was
in this you know business as you know we
manage the investments of our employees
if a former agent dies after retirement
we're eight million dollars goes back to
the company this is a bad idea okay
somebody set me up over here where you
have nothing to do you tried to kill the
black heist and kidnaps cute little
neighbors
we should payment so we don't have to
look over our shoulder for the rest of
our lives
you'll need all of it try not to be
scared you make mistakes when you're
afraid thought you stopped smoking
figured it wouldn't kill me
why are you doing this I like
we got a good man you're doing a good
thing
did you happen to see anything peculiar
the past couple days
No
you
[Music]